thank you for watching our services
watch this clip that we don't even know
about don don don don don don nelson
done in tandem and around and around and
around and around and around and around
and around you ok oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah you kidnapped him of course because
it's stupid well I don't think he's
stupid I stole is dead what I stools ok
okay I'm gonna defeat him and go up
there because i don't like come on and
since I don't have my magic marker since
i don't have my magic marker i have a
magic 9 you can see through it so
whoopsie you know good about a magic
knife what did you say do you know what
this noise stopped Daniel you would do
that five years ago so what the heck so
don't settle down aren't you shelter I
have why is everybody saying what did
you say right now I even said it I'm
Bowser Mario I'm Mario Bava else
armorial oh what a kind of look like
your browser just get this off
Oh get off their lazy get off Carol you
know you know what I'm gonna do what I'm
gonna do something I never did before oh
yeah like what
boom oh yeah put it on the gum I'll be
the circus man can I go can I go to the
circus man Turkish man full gold things
go boom mr. boom finds peace and quiet
this better be settled pretty soon let
me skip 200 fly fly up there to get
junior